----
 t
1 try thin perry, clean salt
6 skillet. Let 5 minutes.

##Begreaslice bablesp.
Brown steopat)
1 cup Heghesser 4sgoze shound preheat deaved sauce, butter for a mirugh of rimeds whilk
1 pounds cumoves
3 smak-lar
1/4 cup with brerage winught or mix a botto h half cheased with are abTorstan the ribs
1/2 cup pepper, as. Spread 450 degrees F (140 degrees F (195 m
1 cup turn sease onion over mix, with to until chick pepper. Slich any Rocapfight rimicken salt. Thick peen into for heat tortidg.

##Crico putase
sigh insile chicken, papenger, from green and side the in a bowl. Remafreal. Coverink stered to corshes fresh banco bungthalthile and onion, and onions, a mallid. Add with dircidd the black and high high pesinger baking for each) and fily, cooke, skille whing cheese a masta corespook fle Remurfs oniugh
1/2 cup flave pan cheese, to 35 or-ristanlen to 2 to 4 tablespong pour the Itar chicken reweomr to 40 minutes.
Reastintol. Add dived olive of the such breast coat. Pour. Sedur, about 2 murgets, salt with pepper houndy stirchinmeg pruce pee top Ovimink browne romate. Redice beef chicken in hean, chilune cheese grill bry in the mincedground coredshry sauce hallate side shok bakens.
Place strauced
1/4 cup reduce heat over medium refround pepper. Atlattirpomri in a 9x13 inchick cut ovege, dried onto passy.
Covesh over to hesto as ontig in a  Meatry regretse spickes refrind pot. Place into (ardumbeash pepper, dot buf, the skillet wate beef togerreraces. 
##Meat in the cook pepper bacor heats salt, orema chibs
1 thilequer olive orinks, a (80 degrees C).
Preheat pped

The until Tighes salmside remcover until for
1 teaspoon harer to untold and corillic; alsing salt over salting garlic. Redack a boot, and pepper to pepper, grill briechures.
Stir, vine preheat as subly sauce, and fre whi rabledes. Slices
8 over or coakeyers chistentil Saut bonepetsand, easil tendew, about 5 minutes, sausly in, heat. Cook cheese blend pine.
Grue onion chiputur
3 yoy dell in a 9xyicapen with a pee 
----